---
question_code: Q55 
question_num: 55 
question_text: What advice and guidance (both practical and pedagogical) is available to mathematics lecturers about using e-assessment in their courses, and to what extent do they engage with it? 

question_code_meeting1:  
question_code_conf: NEW3 

contributors: Ian Jones, John Meyer

---


## What motivates this question?

The question is motivated by assessment practices on 4 dual-degree programmes which had their first intake of students in 17/18. Notably, all mathematics courses taught to the dual-degree progamme students (based in China) have all in-term summative assessments delivered using CAA. Observations of how staff engaged in authoring of questions, and what seems to influence (perhaps limit the scope of) their CAA content has been an topic which has engaged the various CAA leads supporting students and staff related to the dual degree programmes. For context, in 2017, we began authoring CAA content from an initial bank of 0 questions. Notably though we had expertise in CAA amongst fellow staff at the university, which has aided us immensely. By the 20/21 academic year, we were delivering CAA, roughly every 2 weeks, for 32 weeks of the year, to around 800-900 students in 3 year groups, in a variety of topics in core mathematics, optimization, statistics and financial mathematics.  

## What might an answer look like?

In the 21/22 we plan to classify content authored by academic staff within our team, and follow this up with interviews of each of the members of staff who have designed questions and assessments in attempt to draw conclusions on the matter that will aid the wider community. 

## Related questions

* Related to [Q18: How can lecturers and task designers be informed about the interaction of university mathematics students in formative computer-based tasks in real practice to help them act upon these findings in an effective way?](Q18)
* Related to [Q20: What might a "hierarchy of needs" look like for mathematics lecturers who are transitioning to increased use of e-assessments?](Q20)

## References
